Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I highly recommend this restaurant!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Try the rose roll (not on menu).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Stay away if you're claustrophobic
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  but the food was delicious.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The chicken dinner was real good.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  the service is prompt friendly.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  great neighbhorhood spot.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  (The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Chef Waldy's always measures up.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
