Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Not sure on Windows 8.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  packing and everything was perfect
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It is the best laptop ever!!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I did add a SSD drive and memory
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It is also fast as can be... you get what you pay for... well worth the investment
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It's fast at loading the internet.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I think that was a great decision to buy
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Also stunning colors and speedy
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  (but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  So glad I have gone this route!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  and it fits in my briefcase with ease
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  No installation disk (DVD) is included.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC (a Sony Vaio), but it was basically no better than my old PC, so I returned it.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect..i It is!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It's small but powerful, light but strong, elegant and beautiful... In resume: it's a Mac!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It will make life so much easier next semester, just wish I had it last semester!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac, you will not be sorry at all!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my  Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  :) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The machine is used, but is like new, i'm very impress.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  GET THIS MACHINE
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Graphics are much improved.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years, I decided to buy MacBook Pro.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Needless to say, the leap from that to this has been amazing and (aside from the financial reasons) I am astounded that I hadn't made the switch sooner.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $962 :).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for).
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I'm done with WinDoze computers.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  If that is the case, then I am completely happy
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  not something you want to miss out on!!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  It is really thick around the battery.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I am not happy with my purchase
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Does exactly what I bought it 4.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  This was the same problem with my MacBook (circa 2007) that I just retired.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini!!!
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I enjoy having apple products.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  They really screwed the pooch on this one.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  ?I am only interested in the 15.4  McBook Pro  Model # MD103LL/A
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Runs like a champ.....
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  !so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  To me it's a workhorse... and quiet as can be... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam... Definite Buy...
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Keyboard responds well to presses.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  This device has met my expectations and I'm sure it will meet yours.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Considering another computer should be out of the question
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students.
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
Ankit's code didnt process sent:  The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
